feat: Add custom root directory (#134) (#135)
denoland/deno_blog: testdata/customRootDir/posts/custom.md

---
title: Custom post
publish_date: 2022-03-20

> abstract: This is the first post in custom directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abstract: This is the first post with a custom root directory.
```
